Pets are homo.  God is disgusted with how tame and dependent they have become.
Sports are homo.  Tackle a horse.
Beverly Hillbillies and Gomer Pyle are endorsed by God.  Shakespeare had a vile heart.
God's fav band is the Beatles.
God's fav movie is Three Kings with Clooney.
God's fav animal is bears, then, elephants.
God's fav thing on TV is soap operas.
The 11th commandment is not to litter.
God's fav song is Morning has Broken.
The best religion is the one with the most new vistas of understanding over a lifetime.
Bill Gates wanted only electric money in Africa.  God said He had angels in the shadows and it was a King David Census type thing.
God's fav national anthem is Latvia's.
God's idea of music is "sex with a 12-year-old" like the song of King David the shepherd, or maybe Rush 2112 Temple of Syrix where a guy is just figuring out for himself what sounds beautiful.  A ten strings harp is about all you need. 
God said a nation should have one heart.
God said the Holocaust was t "compact" the Jews.  He said He saved the ones He wanted.  He said you must die of brother's sin guilt if you do not warn him of his sin.
God said I had to share Dianna.
God told Bill Gates to do earthquakes.  He said He had to make more Diseases.
God said He sunk the migrant ships.
God said immigrants are like NAZI invaders.
God laughed at the Greek debt crisis and German bail-out.
God said, "prosperity sucketh."
God said brontosaur's feet hurt when he stepped.
God said to start planting Mars.  God said A.I. was needed for Mars.
God said emergency medicine was a big problem.
God said He hated the E.S.A because they stole from NASA.  He said He ruined their Phillea mission and blew-up their rocket.
You will talk with God and have daily prayer.  Eventually, perhaps, you will kill?
I got the brain-fuck cope of a schizo vet. I got the state school try, no respect.
I got the let-the-world-burn of a laughing monk. I got the fuck the poor of an elitist punk.
I got the self-respect, satisfaction of a smug bell-boy. I got the put-away, done, of a "played with that toy."
I got the facts of life of a rich man's wife. I got the snowflake kiss of a jacking-knife.
I got the Sisyphus virtue of a Frenchie chef. I got the hairy-leg stank of a hottie meuf.
I got the dynamic forte of a systems pro. I got the buzzing hum of a drum's neon glow.
I got the naughty Moses grim of a feather in my cap. I got the wandering in life and no need of a map.
I got the pure hearted devotion of the shepherd king. I got the lion flaming stare of a zero ring.
I got the crushed spirit wince of a blackened sheep. I got the advertisement of a perverted creep.
I got the tourist itch of a cloistered nun. I got the no money riche but I sure had fun.
I got the stomach ache nausea of a sweet nothing prince. I got the good advice of a words never mince.
I got the steel-hearted pageantry of a Roman emperor. I got the superstitious snear of a more contemporer.
I got the practiced sword of Mudville, known caliber. I got the knot in stomach wrench of the child Oliver.
I got the Superman focus of a Paulian principal. I got the no bazooka tilt of a tape-wormed crucible.
I got the don't-stand-so-close of an Irish hermitage. I got the God-too-verbose of an gold stingy midge.
I got the ASCII last war of a Jap doctor. I got the solemn piety of a psycho-shocker.
I got the IRA wrath of a God-meek Earth. I got the polygon bath of a she-virgin birth.
I got the Christ surfering of a cross-eyed bum. I got the welfare pride of a man well hung.
I got the out-done-in-generosity of a kidney doner. I got the why-your-precocity of an Amadeus toner.
I got the not-invented-here of a vinegar squirting rocket. I got the one-page resume of a digital-nomad docket.
I got the Lucy football of the Four Horsemen five. I got the Pink Floyd dead pool of an uncaloused pride.
I got the Dianna gang bang of a pretender chump. I got the Amy quickie of a desolate dump.
